okay hi my name is Jonathan and today
we're going to have fun with Motors and
we just gonna make a simple small fan
the good part is that you could take it
anywhere so it just start so of course
you're gonna want the motor a battery I
just got a triple-a but you can use I
take any kind of battery along it so it
works you could use triple a double a
and so badiy if you're gonna use cell
batteries nothing you're going to have
to use like fours you want in the work
you gonna work a propeller
so I just got this from with toys and
yeah and if you don't got one which is a
do you gonna make a whole may run out of
like really strong paper or cardboard
doesn't really matter
you know got this so what you're gonna
do is want to make sure you have fun
like this and she'll make a no homemade
one and you want to let's get some in my
this polygon saw where it gets on
dried-up gum and what and what I mean is
get gum that you have into it and you
get a piece literature so then get your
motor and then put it like that and the
gum is so let go stay so it won't like
come out so then get your battery and
get your wires condensed connect the
channel motor get one put them on any
side it is to get the other side and
then before I connect it it's gonna take
this obviously Apogee it and there's
this and then you've got your fans
simple like that and it really goes work
but up it is coming Oulu so if it gets
loose just put it back there and
work
so that's what you just got a simple fan
and you only get to use one battery so
it's very cheap and this is that where
if it's not working it probably means
that the battery is like but worth no
more so you can just get another battery
and it's just sort of write up pizza
guys subscribe for more videos